README.md, before:

cyphrd.cryto: javascript encryption library [![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/cyphrd/crytpo.png?branch=master)](http://travis-ci.org/cyphrd/crytpo)
===========================================

[View the project page](http://cyphrd.github.io/crypto)

cyphrd.crypto is a collection of javascript encryption libraries allowing for the building of secure client-side web applications.


supported hash functions
------------------

* [bcrypto](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bcrypt)
* [md5](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MD5)
* [pbkdf2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PBKDF)
* [ripemd](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RIPEMD)
* [sha1](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SHA-1)
* [sha2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SHA-2)
* [whirlpool](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whirlpool_(cryptography))


supported algorithms
------------------

* [aes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advanced_Encryption_Standard) (rijndael)
* [rc4](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RC4)
* [rsa](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RSA_(algorithm))
* [xxtea](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XXTEA)


supported encodings
------------------

 * base64
 * endian
 * hex
 * utf8


included utilities
------------------

 * passwords: a utility to identify password guessability
 * [srp](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secure_Remote_Password_protocol): secure remote password protocol

Commit message:

reformatting my computer. don't want to lose this work. unstable as things are still being ported to commonjs for node.js support and need to create wrapper for browser use.

README.md, after:

cyphrd.cryto: javascript encryption library
===========================================

[View the project page](http://cyphrd.github.io/crypto)

cyphrd.crypto is a collection of javascript encryption and security libraries written so that it can be used regularly client-side, with require.js or with Node.js. The libraries are tested for integrity and compatibility with the algorithm's specifications and is written for performance in mind.


supported hash functions
------------------
[Cryptographic hashing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cryptographic_hash_function)
is a way to take arbitrary data and return a fixed-size result (hash value) so that
any change to the data will have a change in the resulting value. There are many
ways to use a hash function, from message authentication, data integrity and data indexing.

* [bcrypto](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bcrypt)
* [md5](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MD5)
* [pbkdf2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PBKDF)
* [ripemd](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RIPEMD)
* [sha1](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SHA-1)
* [sha2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SHA-2)
* [whirlpool](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whirlpool_(cryptography))


supported algorithms
------------------

* [aes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advanced_Encryption_Standard) (rijndael)
* [rc4](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RC4)
* [rsa](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RSA_(algorithm))
* [xxtea](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XXTEA)


supported encodings
------------------

 * base64
 * endian
 * hex
 * utf8


included utilities
------------------

 * passwords: a utility to identify password guessability
 * [srp](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secure_Remote_Password_protocol): secure remote password protocol
